Dad, you got the wrong person
This is just a dog for the past two days
How could it be the Shen Group?
Yes, uncle.
He is indeed the same as the president of the Shen Group
What are they called?
But the same age is different
What a poor man!
Shut up you bitch
If you hadn't hooked up with my son
Is he such a big disaster to you?
Why do I treat you like my girlfriend?
What kind of woman do you want?
Blind your eyes
Quickly apologize to Mr. Shen. Why?
Or you'll get me out of the deep fry
Take this bitch to beg with you
Don't be confused.
Don't forget that I wanted to marry you before, Mr. Shen
Is he a senior executive of the Shen Group?
Can I not know?
Who in the entire Haicheng doesn't know that you are being detained by Mr. Shen?
Gangster girl get out
Mr. Shen, you see that I am not thorough
Can't Hack
I listen to my wife
From now on, you will be the president of Shengshi Shengshi
Who do you think is not pleasing to the eye?
Open it if you want